well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so I got a question from a teacher
and I'm gonna read the question because
it is fantastic it's it's amazing and
there's a lot of sub questions in it Bo
for the boy and the pledge as a teacher
I am torn about whether it's okay that
the boy refused to leave the room with
the principal such that the police had
to be called to me with the witnesses he
had and the knowledge that his parents
had spoken to the school wouldn't going
have helped his case against the sub and
been less disruptive or am I wrong for
thinking compliance at that point makes
him look more respectful given those
teachable moments I want to be ready to
teach my kids to self-advocate the right
way and right is in quotation marks
which I love this is amazing okay okay
so the first thing that we have to
assume is that he didn't have a teacher
like you that's that's the first thing
we have to assume we have to assume that
he did not have a teacher who was
interested in teaching her students how
to self-advocate for their rights that's
that's not common and then let's say
devil's advocate that he did have a
teacher that did this and trained him in
how to self-advocate correctly whatever
that may be one of the odds that he's
going to remember his training I don't
know that it's fair to think that an 11
year old boy would remember his training
it seems that there were three adults in
the room that couldn't remember there's
these situations are tense they're high
pressure now as far as what the right
way to self-advocate is I can throw you
in a room with activists who are on the
same team believe in the same cause and
you can watch them slaughter each other
over this question I personally don't
think there is a right way in diversity
of tactics you do whatever is most
effective there's no template the three
main schools of thought are
non-compliance until you've proven your
point which seems to be what you're
suggesting here non-compliance until you
force the arrests and therefore get the
lawsuit to change policy or direct
action which in this case would end up
being violent the I have to assume I'm
gonna go out on a limb here and say
you're in a public school I don't think
this is your teachable moment number one
it's too complex you know they're gonna
get this once it's not gonna be
reinforced it's not part of the
curriculum so you got to give them main
ideas the other reason I really don't
want you doing it is because we need you
in the school system not the
unemployment line I think your your
teachable moment is simply teaching them
that they can self advocate for their
rights that they can stand up for
themselves and just teaching them what
their rights are a lot a lot of people
don't know and if you if you don't
assert your rights you don't have any
that's that's the reality of it
but I want to thank you and oddly enough
I want to thank Lakeland PD because this
question made me realize something
people like me one of the things we
preoccupy ourselves with how do we
create the next generation of people
that will look at in it an injustice and
say no not today how do we create that
wasn't until this message that I
realized we don't have two organizations
like Lakeland PD you're going to do a
force certainly this kid his resolve is
steeled now and every child in that
class that watch this has now seen an
over reactive government
that creates people that will get
involved
that creates defiance and I love that
I'm not gonna say your name don't worry
but you're not right next door to this
place you know this has turned into a
national conversation because of an
injustice in Lakeland Florida students
all over the country assuming there are
more teachers of your caliber are going
to learn about their rights and they're
going to learn about the kid in Florida
who took a stand now as far as appearing
respectful there's no way to do that
there is no way to do that it doesn't
matter the the it doesn't matter how
what form of activism you choose you're
gonna make somebody damn it the clear is
the best example I can give is the the
movement from black Americans to have
cops stop shooting them while they're
unarmed seems like a pretty basic
request you know but you know don't
stand in traffic don't sit down during
the song don't hold a sign while adult
petition don't give speeches there's
always going to be somebody that's gonna
say whatever you did was wrong the
question is was it effective most
activism is about drawing attention
sometimes being a little disrespectful
is the way to do that sometimes it's not
it's it's a real gray area
and like many things of value you
determine your own level of involvement
you determine how far you're willing to
take it the individual does what those
kids need from you is they just let them
know that they can just let them know
that it is okay to advocate for yourself
to stand up for your rights that Big
Daddy government isn't always correct
and you owe your allegiance to nobody
except those you want to give it to
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night